24. Mai 2025 - Hoppy Dice Tournament (#35)
hoppydicetactics/website: content/en/events.md

## Registration

Please register on [Best Coast Pairings](https://www.bestcoastpairings.com/event/4J87vPgoZIMJ).

## Details (v{{% param version %}})
### Rules

The game will be played according to the [Pariah Nexus Tournament Companion](https://assets.warhammer-community.com/eng_warhammer40000_pariah_nexus_tournament_companion-eixdmbxjrp-dddcylhhbo.pdf).

**Lists** must be uploaded to Best Coast Pairings by Saturday, **May 17, 23:59** at the latest.

> All units listed in the current [Munitorum Field Manual](https://www.warhammer-community.com/en-gb/downloads/warhammer-40000/) are eligible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All units listed in the current [Munitorum Field Manual](https://assets.warhammer-community.com/eng_wh40k_munitorum_field_manual_feb25-vkfnvt5y24-lcbngayhtq.pdf) are eligible.
```
